Going away, gonna tasteGonna take a trip
Go to Spain on the wayyeah, lets hit the road
'cuz tonight we gon let it gofor a week or so
We got all the stuff we need.
Trying cheese everydayeverything is new
Split the driving on the way between me and you
Blow the night awayall through the day
Cheering as we drive through
Ay Ay
We're gonna go get fresh cheesecheese
Filling all our fancy dairy needsneeds
Oh manI'm squeeling like a fan
Heading to La Manchawhile I still can
We're on the way though
To go and get Manchego
Minimum-ly aged though
About 60 days so...
yeah yeah yeah
All that traffic on the way got me acting rude
Kyle C heading back 'cuz he's a dairy prude
Yeah we had a planNow it's in the can
But nobody else backing out too
Ay Ay
We're gonna go get fresh cheesecheese
Filling all our fancy dairy needsneeds
Oh manI'm squealing like a fan
Heading to La Manchawhile I still can
We're on the way though
To go and get Manchego
Minimum-ly aged though
about 60 days so...